Updated Components Styling sections (#532)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/grid-paging.md

## Styling

> The Grid Paging comes with styling flexibility through the various options controlling its label and background colors, as well as the available styling for the Icon Buttons used for navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grid Paging comes with styling flexibility through the various options for its label and background colors, as well as the available styling for the [Icon Buttons](button.md) used for navigation.
```
